We have already provided code for most of these components. The focus now is on integrating the ML model from the notebook and the voice biometric system.

Integration of the Notebook ML Model
The notebook trains a phishing detection model on audio transcripts. We need to save the model artifacts and load them in the production system.

Steps to integrate the notebook model:
Save the model artifacts in the notebook:

Vocabulary (vocab.pkl)

Embedding matrix (emb_matrix.npy)

Trained model weights (voice_phishing_pytorch.pt)

Create a service to load and run the model (src/services/ml_model_service.py):

Load the vocabulary and embedding matrix.

Define the model architecture (same as in the notebook).

Load the trained weights.

Preprocess the input text (same cleaning as in the notebook).

Run inference and return the probability.

Integrate the ML model service into the main detector (src/services/detector.py):

Add the ML model to the list of models to run in parallel.

Aggregate the results.

Voice Biometric System
We also want to integrate a voice biometric system to identify known scammers. This is based on the CNN speaker recognition paper.

Steps for voice biometrics:
Create a CNN model for speaker recognition (src/models/cnn_speaker.py):

Based on the architecture in the paper.

Create a service to handle voice biometrics (src/services/voice_biometric.py):

Extract features (MFCCs) from audio.

Use the CNN model to generate speaker embeddings.

Compare with a database of known scammer embeddings.

Integrate the voice biometric service into the main detector.

Running the System
We provide a Docker setup for easy deployment. The system can also be run locally without Docker.

Without Docker:
Install dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt

Place the model artifacts in the models/ directory.

Run the application: uvicorn src.main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

With Docker:
Build and run with Docker Compose: docker-compose up --build

API Endpoints
The main endpoint is POST /api/v1/analyze which accepts an audio file and returns a phishing analysis.

The response includes:

Transcript of the audio

Overall phishing confidence

Warnings from each model

Biometric match results (if any)

Development Status
We have implemented:

FastAPI application with error handling and logging

Audio processing service

STT service using Whisper

Rule-based phishing detection models (linguistic, URL, urgency)

Basic structure for the ML model service and voice biometric service

To complete the project, we need to:

Finish the ML model service (load the notebook model)

Implement the voice biometric service

Integrate both into the main detector

Write tests

Document the API

Next Steps for the Developer
Save the model artifacts from the notebook and place them in the models/ directory.

Complete the ml_model_service.py by loading the artifacts and implementing the prediction.

Implement the voice biometric service (voice_biometric.py).

Update the detector to use these new services.

Test the entire pipeline with sample audio files.